Corrections to EN files (#899)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/FAQ.md

### Is there a metronome, synchronization, or some other way of keeping in time?

> No. Musicians on a Jamulus Server play in real time together as they would in person. If you want to have a time signal, then there are shared metronome solutions on the Internet you can try. But it’s probably best to just minimise latency so nobody has an overall delay more than about 30-50 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Musicians on a Jamulus Server play in real time together as they would in person. If you want a time signal, there are shared metronome solutions on the Internet you can try. But it’s probably best to just minimise latency so nobody has an overall delay more than about 30-50 ms.
```

### Do I need a fast Internet connection?

> No, especially if you don't run a Server to host other musicians. Having a low ping is more important. For most people on standard broadband (e.g. 10 Mbit/s down and 1 Mbit/s up) you will have no problems. For those running Servers at home, depending on how many people join, you may encounter issues if your _upstream_ bandwidth is lower than about 5 Mbit/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, especially if you don't run a Server to host other musicians. Having a low ping is more important. Most people on standard broadband (e.g. 10 Mbit/s down and 1 Mbit/s up) will have no problems. For those running Servers at home, depending on how many people join, you may encounter issues if your _upstream_ bandwidth is lower than about 5 Mbit/s.
```

Normally, network address translation (NAT) firewalls prevent incoming requests initiated from outside the local network. Inbound traffic is only possible for packets relating to an outbound request (strictly speaking, “related” and “established” packets to an initial outbound connection). In Registered Server mode, when your Jamulus Server connects to a Directory it of course initiates an outbound connection. From then on, the Directory sends (established/related) connection “pings” (not ICMP pings) to your Server at regular intervals to keep the relevant NAT port(s) open on your router/firewall.

> However, in Unregistered mode, Clients have to **initiate** connections into the Server’s network. NAT firewalls prevent this, so you need to tell them to allow incoming connection requests on the Jamulus port using port forwarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to reach an Unregistered Server, each Client has to **initiate** a connection into the Server’s network. A NAT firewall prevents this, so you need to configure the firewall to allow incoming connection requests on the Jamulus port using port forwarding.
```
